## 00:33:38

set up netdata on miyo server and bastian using docker. port: 19999

I moved management of miyo server to use docker context from bastian instead of needing to ssh into the machine directly

I also created a new ssh key for bastian and stored a backup in keepass. Using gpg-agent was impossible over ssh. It was always a pain in the ass, unfortunately.


## 07:58:45

Signed up for Oracle Cloud again. This time they accepted my debit card.

Oracle server name is artix. It should have been artax but I'm retarded.


## 08:28:02

Oracle server name would have been artix but they are out of Ampere free teir capacity. Oh well, it was worth a try.


## 08:58:14

I upgraded the oracle cloud account to pay as you go and set a budget to warn me of charges. I'll keep trying to create a server but I've had no luck so far.

I created a free sql database on oracle cloud and stored the password in keepass.


## 09:11:44

turned off git gpg signing

    - `git config --global commit.gpgsign false`
    - `git config --global tag.gpgsign false`

## 20:39:33

Oracle Cloud worked and I am writing this note from artix server!

I'm not sure if I'm going to use artix as a main ssh system or just a docker server.


## 22:37:06

Put tailscale on artix server.

I tried to rsync the postgress docker to artix but all the table data is missing. I guess I need to dump and insert

I put irssi on artix

maybe I'll figure out how to use the free sql database on oracle cloud instead of running postgres in docker.


## 23:35:42

I did a pg_dumpall bastian server and restored it on the artix server and that worked.


## 18:30:26

adding mods to cavegame modpack

    - no-telemetry
    - no-chat-reports

## 19:56:49

playing around with a selfhosted app noteDiscovery. It's very a simple markdown notes app. No image support other than http links. It does support wiki style links which is nice.


## 21:26:53

watching video after video from github Awesome on youtube to find selfhosted apps.


## 23:05:14

I'm off to bed. I spent the last few hours watching more Github Awesome videos trying to find self hosted things to install.


