<pre class=ascii-art>
     \  /       Partly cloudy
   _ /"".-.     19(8) °F
     \_(   ).   ↘ 9 mph
     /(___(__)  9 mi
                0.0 in
</pre>

## 11:45:01

I'm writing this from the cheapest motel in Nashville, TN.
I was kicked out of my parent's house and left to be homeless.
We had a major storm that left a few inches of snow on on the ground on Saturday and then Sunday turned the snow into ice with frozen rain.
The next few days are subzero but the storm was pretty mild here.
I'm very grateful and lucky to have been given the money for this motel during the storm.

It would have been a very terrible experience without the generosity of friends and also strangers from Twitter.

## 20:59:51

How to change TTL on macOS 12 and newer

Changing the TTL value may be useful. Especially, for those whose carrier restricts sharing Internet access through their personal hotspot. If you found this guide, I don’t think you need any explanation on what TTL is. This guide allows you to change the TTL value forever.

Step 1. Open Terminal. You can do this either by using Spotlight or through Launchpad.

Step 2. In the terminal window enter the following command:

```
sudo nano /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.startup.sysctl.plist
```

This command creates a file that will be launched on every boot up of your Mac. The file is empty right now, so we need to enter the instructions for the Mac to execute.

Step 3. The instructions themselves is the following text:

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
<dict>
    <key>Label</key>
    <string>com.startup.sysctl</string>
    <key>LaunchOnlyOnce</key>
    <true/>
    <key>ProgramArguments</key>
    <array>
        <string>/usr/sbin/sysctl</string>
        <string>net.inet.ip.ttl=65</string>
    </array>
    <key>RunAtLoad</key>
    <true/>
</dict>
</plist>
```


After pasting this into the file, press ^X combination to exit the file. When it asks to save the file choose “Yes”, then hit the Return key.

Step 4. The next thing we need to do is enter the following commands in Terminal:


```
chown root:wheel /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.startup.sysctl.plist
sudo launchctl load /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.startup.sysctl.plist
```

Step 5. Restart your Mac.

Step 6. Open Terminal again and check if everything was done correctly with this command:

```
ping 127.0.0.1
```

If you see the TTL=65, then you’ve done everything correctly. If not, repeat the process again.

In case something went wrong or you just want to revert the changes, you can just delete the file. To delete it, enter the following command in Terminal:

```
sudo rm /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.startup.sysctl.plist
```

yoinked from [https://medium.com/@arciomsavucin/how-to-change-ttl-on-macos-monterey-990aa714be1d](https://medium.com/@arciomsavucin/how-to-change-ttl-on-macos-monterey-990aa714be1d)
